KUNG FU TEA

Frequently asked questions

About Our Products
How fresh is my tea and boba?
Our tea is freshly brewed every 3 hours and standard boba cooked every 2 hours. Additionally, our Punch bestsellers Orange Green Tea and Strawberry Lemonade are made with freshly squeezed juices.

Where do you source your tea from?
The use of real tea leaves — handpicked from the high mountains of Taiwan — and fresh ingredients, coupled with our unique recipes and methods, makes it possible for us to deliver unrivaled beverages in spite of rising competition. All Kung Fu Teas are required to use the same high quality products for every ingredient of our beverages, so you can count on the same great quality at any of our locations.

Difference between Wow Boba & Honey Boba?
We use brown sugar to cook our wow boba until it reaches caramelized, compared to our regular boba it gives off a more toasty taste and softer yet chewy texture. For our regular boba we use honey to marinate, it’s more chewy and the honey sweet pairs well with any of our drinks on the menu from fruity to creamy

Where can I find nutritional information?
Nutritional informations like calories, ingredient list and allergen guide can be found on our website under nutrition : https://www.kungfutea.com/nutrition

What is the difference between Black, Green, Oolong and Thai teas?
Our black tea is Earl Gray Black Tea which gives a citrusy flavor, Jasmine Green Tea gives a hint of floral flavor , Oolong Tea is roasted so it gives us a toasty taste and our Thai Tea has no artificial coloring added. The tea description is also available on our website under nutrition.

How fresh is the tea I’m drinking?
The teas are freshly prepared every 3 hours.

Does Kung Fu Tea offer plant-based milk?
We are currently testing non-dairy alternative markets in the Atlanta and Boston area. Should you happen to visit any of these locations, please feel free to request these drinks. It is a work in progress on our end, but we soon intend to expand our product line up in the future. Please allow us some time to get this right for our customers such as yourself.

Is your milk creamer dairy free?
Our milk powder is NOT dairy free due to casines sodium that is included in the ingredient.

Do you have decaf tea or caffeine free options?
The 4 selections of our tea including Black, Green, Oolong, and Thai tea are all caffeinated, but we do have a list of options you can choose from for caffeine-free! Please review our list of caffeine-free options here, the Allergen Guide is also available on our website under nutrient.

If I don’t choose my sugar level, which sugar level will I be getting on my drink?
If you didn’t choose a sugar level during your order, your drink will be prepared in 100% sweetness.

Why is my taro milk tea not purple?
Our tea base affects the color of the tea, if you choose taro milk tea which comes in earl gray black tea and the tea will add a darker shade to the color. If you choose taro milk green tea or taro slush it will appear as brighter purple.

Is your Coconut Milk Tea/Almond Milk Tea made with coconut/almond milk?
Our coconut milk tea and almond milk tea are coconut/almond flavored milk tea. They are made with our milk creamer, it is not made with coconut or almond milk.